Oh y'all CJ here I'm getting ready to
can some peas I've picked three
five-gallon buckets a piece so far and
this is gonna be two and a half gallons
of Crowder Peas
the first thing we have to do is we have
to wash our piece after we get them
shelled because there's a lot of debris
that gets left in there in the process
of shelling them so I've basically got
just about all these washed so far with
exception of what's in this pan now so
I'm gonna finish that up and we'll come
back when I get ready to start the next
process see in a bit waiting on my jars
in the oven to sterilize I got em in
here did eight quarts this go-around
next time I'll do pints but I'm gonna do
eight quarts a piece and I've got plenty
of peas to do that I still haven't
picked yet so I'll have plenty quarts
and pots but today we're doing quarts
I'll be back in a little bit okay y'all
got my jars out of the oven and all I
did was fill the jars up within about an
inch or less of headspace in each jar
and now I'm gonna add 1 teaspoon of
canning or pickling salt to each jar and
we get done with that we're gonna add
some really really really warm water to
these jars put the lids on them and
throw them in the counter so I'll be
back
okay we got the salt in the jars and
I've got like the tiniest kitchen you've
ever seen and everything is backwards of
what it needs to be so that's why I
don't do a whole lot of videos with me
Kanan because I have to reach around and
do this and do that and everything's out
of whack so uh what I'm gonna do now is
take my little cup and I'm gonna dip it
in the water like so and then we're
gonna pour it in the jars over here get
the funnel
pour the water in the jurors like so
I'll be back okay so I got all my water
for them and now I'm taking this little
wooden stick I got and just getting my
air bubbles out of the dollars next we
will take a clean dry paper towel clean
the rims off even though there's nothing
on there but water we're gonna spill
wipe the rims check for nits or
irregularities in the top of the rim and
we're gonna put our lids on the foam in
the counter leave a little bit
now we're just wiping the lens of our
jars
make sure there's no residue of any kind
on there there you know you
you might have felt a little bit of salt
or something in there now at least pure
begin so time to believe them
okay now we're going to add our reins to
the jar and you just want to put them on
their finger top don't want to
over-tighten
and this is hard to do one-handed
because I don't know what I did with my
tripod so I'm gonna go and I'll be back
you